{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2509
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 One fish\cb1 \
\cb3 Two fish\cb1 \
\cb3 Red fish\cb1 \
\cb3 Blue fish.\cb1 \
\cb3 Black Fish\cb1 \
\cb3 Blue fish\cb1 \
\cb3 Old Fish\cb1 \
\cb3 New Fish.\cb1 \
\cb3 This one has a little star.\cb1 \
\cb3 This one has a little car.\cb1 \
\cb3 Say! What a lot\cb1 \
\cb3 Of fish there are.\cb1 \
\cb3 Yes. Some are red. And some are blue.\cb1 \
\cb3 Some are old. And some are new.\cb1 \
\cb3 Some are sad.\cb1 \
\cb3 And some are glad.\cb1 \
\cb3 And some are very, very bad.\cb1 \
\cb3 Why are they\cb1 \
\cb3 Sad and glad and bad?\cb1 \
\cb3 I do not know.\cb1 \
\cb3 Go ask your dad.\cb1 \
\cb3 Some are thin.\cb1 \
\cb3 And some are fat.\cb1 \
\cb3 The fat one has\cb1 \
\cb3 A yellow hat.\cb1 \
\cb3 From there to here, from here to there,\cb1 \
\cb3 Funny things\cb1 \
\cb3 Are everywhere.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
Here are some\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Who like to run.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 They run for fun\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 In the hot, hot sun.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Oh me! Oh my!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Oh me! Oh my!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 What a lot\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Of funny things go by.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Some have two feet\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 And some have four.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Some have six feet\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 And some have more.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Where do they come from? I can\'92t say.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 But I bet they have come a long, long way.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 We see them come.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 We see them go.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Some are fast.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 And some are slow.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Some are high\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 And some are low.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Not one of them\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Is like another.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Don\'92t ask us why.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Go ask your mother.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Say!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Look at his fingers!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 One, two, three...\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 How many fingers\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Do I see?\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 One, two, three, four,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Five, six, seven,\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Eight, nine, ten.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 He has eleven!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Eleven!\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 This is something new.\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 I wish I had\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \cb3 Eleven, too!\
}